Schedule B—Securities 
B.1—Securities 1 (“Main Schedule”) 

The following information should be reported in this schedule. 
Unique ID 
A unique identifier must be included to identify each unique record. For a given security 
position, the same Unique ID should be used from one period to the next. 
Identifier Type and Identifier Value 
Report individual security-level data for all available-for-sale (AFS) and held-to-maturity 
(HTM) securities, adding new rows as necessary. Generally, securities should always be 
reported with a public identifier, if available, such as a valid CUSIP, ISIN, or SEDOL. If a valid 
CUSIP, ISIN or SEDOL identifier exists for the security, please report the value of the chosen 
identifier (the CUSIP, ISIN, or SEDOL code) and indicate the identifier type as “CUSIP”, 
“ISIN”, or “SEDOL”. If a CUSIP, ISIN, or SEDOL identifier is not available for a given security, 
please report an alternative public identifier value, if available, and report the identifier 
type. If only an internal identifier is available and provided, please report the identifier type 
as “INTERNAL.” Securities where an internal identifier is reported must have additional 
information reported in the Security Description 2 or Security Description 3 fields that 
clarifies the name of the security or issuer and the nature of the obligation (see the general 
requirement for securities in the “Other” Security Description 1 category), to the extent that 
the Security Description 2 and Security Description 3 fields are available after meeting any 
specific requirements in the instructions for these fields under “Security Description” below. 
For the purpose of this field, CUSIP means either a CUSIP or CINS (CUSIP International 
Numbering System) code. 
Private Placement 
Please enter “Y” if the security is a private placement security or other non-publicly offered 
security or “N” if it is a publicly offered security. For clarity, please enter "Y" for Rule 144A 
securities and direct purchase municipal securities (as defined in the Municipal Securities 
Rulemaking Board’s Notice 2011-52). 
Security Description 
Report the security description as indicated below. 
Agency MBS:  Report mortgage-backed securities (MBS) issued or guaranteed by U.S. 
Government agencies. 
Auction Rate Securities:  Report auction rate securities.  Auction-rate securities are variable 
rate securities with long-term maturities whose interest rates are periodically reset through 
auctions occurring at predetermined short-term intervals (generally 7, 14, 28, or 35 days). 
CDO:  Report collateralized debt obligations (CDOs).  CDOs are asset-backed securities 
collateralized by a discrete portfolio of fixed income assets and that make payments based 
on the performance of those assets. 
CLO: Report collateralized loan obligations (CLOs).  CLOs are securitizations of portfolios of 
loans through a bankruptcy-remote special-purpose vehicle (SPV) that issues asset-backed 
securities in one or more classes (or tranches).  In general, CLOs are backed by a variety of 
assets, including whole commercial loans, revolving credit facilities, letters of credit, and 
bankers’ acceptances. 
CMBS:  Report commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS). Exclude securities that have 
been issued or guaranteed by the Federal National Mortgage Association (FNMA) or the 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (FHLMC) or guaranteed by the Government 
National Mortgage Association (GNMA). Report these securities as “Agency MBS” (above).  
Common Stock (Equity): Report common stock (equity).  Provide the name of the issuer in 
the Security Description 2 column. 
Auto ABS:  Report asset-backed securities (ABS) collateralized by auto loans. 
Credit Card ABS:  Report asset-backed securities (ABS) collateralized by credit card loans. 
Student Loan ABS: Report asset-backed securities (ABS) collateralized by student loans. 
Other ABS (excl HEL ABS):  Report all other ABS that cannot properly be reported as auto 
ABS, credit card ABS, student loan ABS or home equity loan ABS; such as, leasing, Small 
Business Association (SBA) and fleet (auto) and floor plan ABS.   
Corporate Bond: Report corporate bonds.  Corporate bonds are debt obligations issued by 
corporations and may be secured or unsecured.   
Covered Bond: Report securities generally classified as “covered bonds” that feature 
recourse to cash flows of a pool of mortgages or public-sector loans on the balance sheet of 
an issuing financial institution. 
Domestic Non-Agency RMBS (incl HEL ABS):  Report residential mortgage-backed securities 
(RMBS), including securities backed by home equity loans, that are issued by domestic non
government agency entities. 
Foreign RMBS:  Report residential mortgage-backed securities of foreign issuers.  Provide 
the country in the Security Description 2 column. 
Municipal Bond:  Report bonds issued by U.S. states, cities, counties, and other governmental 
entities at or below the state level. For example, include bonds issued by Canadian 
provinces or other local government entities and bonds issued by other non-US local 
government entities.  In the Description 2 column, report the sector from the list below that 
best describes the principal source of repayment and intended use of the capital raised by 
the offering. 
• General Obligation - State  
• General Obligation - Local  
• Revenue - Single Family Housing 
• Revenue - Multi-Family Housing  
• Revenue - Hospitals and Health Care 
• Revenue - Education 
• Revenue - Industrial Development Revenue  
• Revenue - Utilities 
• Revenue - Transportation  
• Revenue - Tax  
• Revenue – Other 
• Appropriation-Backed8 
• Other 
Mutual Fund:  Report investments in mutual funds, including money market mutual funds 
and mutual funds that invest solely in U.S. government securities. In the Description 2 
column, enter either “Money Market Mutual Fund” for investments in money market mutual 
funds or similar cash reserve instruments or “Non-Money Market Mutual Fund” for all other 
categories of mutual funds. Provide the name of the fund in the Description 3 column. 
Preferred Stock (Equity):  Refer to the FR Y-9C Glossary entry for “Preferred Stock.”  Provide 
the issuer name in the Security Description 2 column. 
Sovereign Bond:  Report bonds issued by the central governments of foreign countries.  Provide the 
two-letter Country ISO code in the Security Description 2 column. Also, include in this category 
obligations of foreign country central banks, foreign central government units or agencies, fully 
government-guaranteed obligations of municipal or state‐owned enterprises (e.g., non-central 
government(s)); and obligations of supranational organizations such as the International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development (World Bank), Inter‐American Development Bank, and Asian 
Development Bank. Sovereign Bonds that are issued by supranational entities should identify the 
8For a definition of appropriation-backed debt, please refer to the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board glossary definition 
for subject-to-appropriation-debt. 
issuer of the bond in the second or third security description column in place of a country code. 
Additionally, for non-guaranteed government securities, include additional information in the 
remaining description columns to explain the source of repayment (if not full faith and credit of the 
sovereign). 
US Treasuries & Agencies: Exclude mortgage-backed securities.  Report U.S. government agency 
obligations issued by U.S. government agencies and U.S. government-sponsored agencies, including but 
not limited to, Small Business Administration “Guaranteed Loan Pool Certificates,” U.S. Maritime 
Administration obligations, and Export–Import Bank participation certificates.  Include obligations 
(other than mortgage-backed securities) issued by the Farm Credit System, the Federal Home Loan 
Bank System, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, the Federal National Mortgage 
Association, the Financing Corporation, Resolution Funding corporation, and FDIC Structured Sale 
Guaranteed Notes and NCUA Guaranteed Notes. 
Other: Report all securities that cannot properly be reported in the categories above.  It is 
required to use the Security Description 2 and/or Security Description 3 columns to provide 
a description of the security that clarifies the name of the security or issuer, type or nature of 
obligation, and, if applicable, key terms such as the maturity date and stated interest rate. 
Exposure to Debt/Equity Security (USD Equivalent) 
Report exposure to the debt/equity security as indicated below. 
Amortized Cost (USD Equivalent): In general, amortized cost is the purchase price of a debt 
security adjusted for amortization of premium or accretion of discount if the debt security 
was purchased at other than par or face value (for more information, refer to the FR Y-9C 
Glossary entry for “premiums and discounts”).   
Market Value (USD Equivalent): In general, market value is “the price that would be received 
to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market 
participants at the measurement date.”  For further information, refer to ASC Topic 820, 
Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures (formerly FASB Statement No. 157, Fair Value 
Measurements) and the FR Y-9C glossary entry for “fair value.”  
Current Face Value (USD Equivalent):  The nominal dollar amount of the security as of the 
report date. 
Original Face Value (USD Equivalent):  The nominal dollar amount originally assigned to the 
security by the issuer. 
Amount of Allowance for Credit Losses 
For AFS securities, report the allowance for credit losses by the BHC or IHC on the security. For HTM 
securities, report the allowance for credit losses on the security if such information is available at security 
level. If only pool level information is available, report this field as: pool-level amount of allowance for 
credit losses * (the security’s amortized cost) / (total amortized cost in the pool). This value should be 
reported as a positive number. 
Writeoffs 
Report any writeoffs of this security during the quarter on a quarter-to-date basis. 
Accounting Intent 
Indicate whether the security is available-for-sale (AFS) or held-to-maturity (HTM). For 
equity securities with readily determinable fair values not held for trading included in FR Y
9C, Schedule HC, item 2.c, report “EQ” in this field. 
Price 
Report the price of the security associated with the reported market value in USD. In 
general, this is the value that, when multiplied by the current USD equivalent face value or 
nominal amount of the security, results in the USD equivalent amount that would be 
received (excluding accrued interest) if the security were sold at market value. A security 
whose market value is equal to its outstanding face value has a price of 100. For equity 
securities, report the price per share.  
Pricing Date 
Report the pricing date of the security. 
Book yield 
Report the effective interest rate that would be used to determine the allowance for credit 
losses allocated to the respective security in Book Yield in accordance with ASC Topic 326.  
This item is not required for equity and mutual fund securities.  For securitization debt, this 
relates to the yield implicit at the time of acquisition.  This value should be the original 
unamortized yield, without subsequent adjustments for paydowns or accretion. However, if 
the reported book yield differs from the yield determined according to the methodology 
above, such as using the retrospective interest method for only structured notes outlined in 
ASC 320-10-35-40, document the reason for the use of the alternative in supplemental 
materials.           
Purchase Date 
Report the date on which the security was purchased or acquired in the case of credit 
sensitive securities that are evaluated for credit loss purposes in accordance with ASC Topic 
326.  The purchase date should be the date associated with the amortized cost and book 
yield of the security (exclude for equity and mutual fund securities).  If current holdings of 
the same security were acquired in different periods, provide the amounts and respective 
purchase dates distinct trade lots in separate rows of the worksheets. The preferred method 
for reporting purchases and sales of securities is as of trade date. However, settlement date 
accounting is acceptable if the reported amounts would not be materially different. (See the 
Glossary entry for “trade date and settlement date accounting" in the FR Y-9C instructions). 
Currency 
Indicate the currency denomination of contractual payments on the security, or for an 
equity security, the currency in which it trades in its principal exchange, using the standard 
ISO 4217 three-letter currency code (e.g., USD, EUR, GBP, CAD, etc.). For the avoidance of 
doubt, whether or not the value of this field is USD (U.S. dollars), all amounts reported in 
this schedule must be in USD-equivalent terms as of the reporting date.  